The bee landed on the flower because it had pollen.
The bee landed on the flower because it wanted pollen.
When Debbie splashed Tina, she got in trouble.
When Debbie splashed Tina, she got wet.
The bus driver yelled at a kid after she drove her vehicle.
The bus driver yelled at a kid after she broke a window.
Jimbo was running from Bobbert because he smelled awful.
Jimbo was running from Bobbert because he wanted to get to the car first.
Jimbo attacked Bobbert because he stole an elephant from the zoo.
Jimbo attacked Bobbert because he could not control his rage.
Jimbo was afraid of Bobbert because she gets scared around new people.
Jimbo was afraid of Bobbert because she was running around with a bloody spear.
The man stole the neighbor's bike because he needed one.
The man stole the neighbor's bike because he had one extra.
The bird ate the pie and it died.
The bird ate the pie and it was ruined.
The bird perched on the limb and it bent.
The bird perched on the limb and it sang.
Mary cleaned Susan's room and she was thankful.
Mary cleaned Susan's room and she asked a favor.
Mary stabbed Jennifer, so John took her to the hospital.
Mary stabbed Jennifer, so John reported her to the police.
Lions eat zebras because they are predators.
Lions eat zebras because they are meaty.
The coach criticized the player because he did not adhere to the team's formation.
The coach criticized the player because he explicitly told everyone not to break the team's formation.
The academic clubs lost their members because they were poorly funded.
The academic clubs lost their members because they did not have free time.
James asked Robert for a favor, but he refused.
James asked Robert for a favor, but he was refused.
The teacher did not recommend William because he was not a good student.
The teacher did not recommend William because he had high standards.
The doctor told Susan that she had cancer.
The doctor told Susan that she had been busy.
The professor grading the student's paper said that he was stupid.
The professor grading the student's paper said that he loved it.
Jeremy annoyed Justin so he can leave the room.
Jeremy annoyed Justin so he can have the room.
Paula liked Ness more than Pokey because he was nice to her.
Paula liked Ness more than Pokey because he was mean to her.
Rocky lost to Clubber Lang because he was not ready for the fight.
Rocky lost to Clubber Lang because he was ready for the fight.
Aaron kissed Dan because he wanted to.
Aaron kissed Dan because he wanted him to.
The students fell asleep during the professor's lectures because they were boring.
The students fell asleep during the professor's lectures because they were bored.
Derrick begged his boss for a raise but he did not get one.
Derrick begged his boss for a raise but he did not give one.
The jurors deliberated on the defendants' fate for hours, but they did not reach a verdict.
The jurors deliberated on the defendants' fate for hours, but they didn't receive the death penalty.
The orchestra was booed by the audience because they had performed poorly.
The orchestra was booed by the audience because they had expected a rock band.
Jacob gave William money because he needed some.
Jacob gave William money because he sold the car.
Alexandra told Kelly not to get a tattoo because she raised her conservatively.
Alexandra told Kelly not to get a tattoo because she would seem unprofessional.
Olivia tried to counsel Emily, but she was not interested.
Olivia tried to counsel Emily, but she was rejected.
James went to Sully's arcade and he asked for tickets.
James went to Sully's arcade but he refused to let him in.
Kurt flew in Alex's plane, and he thanked him.
Kurt flew in Alex's plane, and he asked him to come again.
Bill was robbed by John, so the officer arrested him.
Bill was robbed by John, so the officer helped him.
He put snow on the smiley face because it was wet.
He put snow on the smiley face because it was dry.
The kitten played with the yarn because it was fun.
The kitten played with the yarn because it was bored.
I chopped down the tree with my axe because it was tall.
I chopped down the tree with my axe because it was sharp.
Spiderman defeated Magnito because he is a good guy.
Spiderman defeated Magnito because he is a bad guy.
The citizens rebelled against the government because they were being repressed.
The citizens rebelled against the government because they were being mean.
Cats are smarter than dogs because they always land on their feet.
Cats are smarter than dogs because they bark for no reason.
The ball hit the window and Bill repaired it.
The ball hit the window and Bill caught it.
Robert fired Chris because he couldn't do the job.
Robert fired Chris because he no longer needed workers.
Steve scratched Johnny because he was angry.
Steve scratched Johnny so he became angry.
The youth outran the old man because he was in shape.
The youth outran the old man because he broke his hip.
Video games are outselling movies because they are fun to play.
Video games are outselling movies because they are an old medium.
Google bought Motorola because they want its customer base.
Google bought Motorola because they were bankrupt.
Sam cheated Sally but she did not cry.
Sam cheated Sally but she did not repent.
Keith fired Blaine but he did not regret.
Keith fired Blaine even though he is diligent.
The storm delayed the flight as it was very dangerous.
The storm delayed the flight as it was going over the ocean.
John flicked Bill because he saw a fly on his shirt.
John flicked Bill because he had a fly on his shirt.
The zombies chased the survivors because they were hungry.
The zombies chased the survivors because they were tasty.
Medvedev will cede the presidency to Putin because he is more popular.
Medvedev will cede the presidency to Putin because he is less popular.
