UN Secretary General Kofi Annan appealed to Israel and the Palestinians Tuesday to get back to the bargaining table .
The United Nations is also appealing for $ 229 million from international donors to help Afghanistan , a country shattered by years of war and the worst drought in three decades .
For Angola , the United Nations is appealing for $ 202 million in food aid .
Correspondent Scot Bob reports from our Middle East bureau Libyan dissidents are hailing the verdict while the Libyan government says it will appeal .
A spokesman from the Libyan Foreign Ministry told state television his government accepts the verdict but that it will be appealed .
Vojislav Kostunica appealed to them to stay on the streets and defend democracy .
If they offered you only , say , a fully western menu , would it still appeal to you ?
He did have an option of appealing to the Russian Supreme Court but frankly this is a more likely and a faster way to freedom , I would say , because going through the appeals process is going to take months .
Mr. Clinton appealed to them to continue supporting the peace accords .
Pope denied the charges and appealed to Putin for clemency saying he needs urgent medical aid .
The stay was granted to give the school districts involved in the initial cases 90 days to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court here in Washington .
They appealed to the Supreme Court on behalf of these two people .
The pilots are calling the sdebt -- incident a misunderstanding and appealing their termination .
Sosa could get a suspension , but he could appeal suspension .
Taco Bell is appealing .
I know they 're going to appeal , but first tell me how you came up with the Chihuahua character ?
The federal government will not appeal the court ruling that cleared the way for same - sex unions .
It 's the young people he needs to appeal to .
The administration , hoping to de-escalate the violence , is appealing to both sides .
It 's a message that appeals to those critical undecided voters and especially the supporters of this man , Ralph Nader .
Bush advisers say if they lose that argument in court this week they may appeal , and if they lose Florida , they may ask for recounts in other states , where the filing deadline has not yet passed and where the vote is close , including Iowa and Wisconsin , states that could help them win , even without Florida .
John Adams asserted in the Continental Congress ' Declaration of Rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the British Constitution and the common law , and Jefferson appealed in the Declaration of Independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of nature 's God '' .
He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters , refused to obey local laws which he considers unjust , while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws .
An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olson 's statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' .
He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done .
As if to make certain that Wright would be unable to pay any settlement at all , Miriam wrote to prospective clients denouncing him ; ; she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator George William Norris of Nebraska , the Fighting Liberal , from whose office a sympathetic but cautious harrumphing was heard .
It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation .
For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help .
The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman .
Freddy 's solution does n't appeal to me .
I fought like a tigress but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , Mr. Roosevelt and his `` henchmen '' had done their `` dirty work '' all too well , even going so far as to attempt to `` pack '' the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me .
The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas and swiftly appealed to the company and to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti , who has yet to reply .
More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level .
Another murderer on death row has appealed Mr. Simmons 's death sentence in a `` next friend '' capacity .
Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who live in the West and are well-educated , affluent and , especially , young .
Both features appealed most to buyers under 45 .
A Boone County judge rejected the motion , but Daniel Dodson , a Jefferson City lawyer , says he has appealed .
Lawyers for the Garcias said they plan to appeal .
Too often , however , small investors are left with the same stale solutions that appealed to previous generations of fiduciary strategists .
Such schemes , says Tony Adamski , chief of the financial-crimes unit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington , D.C. , appeal to investors ' `` desire to believe this is really true and that they are part of a chosen group being given this opportunity . ''
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others .
One variation that appealed to me at first was the `` Money Smart Term Life '' policy offered by Amex Life Insurance Co. , the American Express unit , to the parent company 's credit-card holders .
Appealing to a young audience , he scraps an old reference to Ozzie and Harriet and instead quotes the Grateful Dead .
While advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times .
The Beebes have not yet decided whether to appeal .
Also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed .
Mr. Ahmad 's lawyer said he would appeal .
A provision allowing grants to be applied to first-home purchases was added to appeal to those who had had enough of schooling .
Qichen Qian also pointed out that Chairman Zemin Jiang seriously appealed again at the 15th People 's Congress that , as the first step , both sides of the Straits could negotiate on " formally concluding the hostile state between both sides under the principle of one China " and come to an agreement ; and on this basis we could take up obligations together , maintain the integrity of China 's sovereignty and territory , and plan out the development of relations between both sides .
In this connection , he appealed to the industrial countries to eliminate obstacles to the progress of the globalization of the world economy as soon as possible .
President Fujimori appealed at the opening ceremony for the countries of the Andes to strive together to achieve local integration , in order to shake off the state of being undeveloped .
He also appealed for all countries to unite as one to deal with foreign debt , drug trafficking and violent activities .
Tunisia has again appealed to international conscience to take action , to stop the blood and end the destructive war , and create conditions for a peaceful settlement of the conflict .
It has appealed to stop such violence at the root through negotiation between the two associations .
At a press conference held here today , Samuel Insanally , chairman of the UN Assembly , appealed to the international community to further assist Vietnam to recover and develop its economy .
He appealed to countries participating in the " Parisian international meeting on assisting Vietnam " to be held in Paris in November of this year to extend economic aid to Vietnam .
This aims for a middle ground between the KMT 's " two states formula " and the PRC 's " one country , two systems " that will appeal to Taiwan , mainland China , and the international community .
Many well - established products appealing to the upper middle-class found it impossible to resist the trend toward youth and had to change their own design and style .
It did n't appeal to Hsia at first , but he knew he had to learn something in his new country of residence , and at the same time he needed to produce work that was commercially viable .
In order to keep business going , and keep people coming habitually over the long term , it is necessary that health centers appeal to customers with " freebies " - meaning gain with no pain .
